We want to change the way the world works
              
                
                Join us

                
                  
                    
                  
                

              
            
          
        
      
    
  

  

  
    

        
          Millions of people all over the world are trapped using archaic tools and unfriendly software to get their work done.
        

        
          With your help, we want to change that.
        

    
  


  
    

      The products

      
          
            
            
              Podio is a collaborative work platform that is already empowering hundreds of thousands of organisations to change the way they work. We believe that the power to control your own work tools should be given back to the people who are actually doing the job. Our vision is simple: Podio is the future of work.
            
          

          
            
            
              GoToMeeting Free is a web-based and lightweight version of our GoToMeeting product to meet the needs of everyday consumers. Today's products for video conferencing are way too complicated. Our vision is to be the easiest and quickest way to communicate in real time with anyone.
            
          

          
            
            
              GoToAssist is the leading Remote Support tool, in use with thousands of customers worldwide. We allow you to effectively support people in any kind of situation. We are currently expanding out teams in Europe to further improve our existing products and build new innovative products.
            
          
      

    
  


  

  
    
      Life at Citrix
        
      Take a step inside our new Copenhagen office and see how life is at Citrix:
        
      
      
      Approach any Citrix employee and you’re likely to hear the same answers to what makes working at Citrix so great:
    

    
      
          
            
              “It's about getting things done, not about hours on the clock. We're really flexible when it comes to offices hours and location, meaning you can still have a life outside the office. ”
              — Julia Judge, User Engagement
            
            
          
          
            
              “With over 20 nationalities in one office, lunch together every day is always a highlight. There isn't any shortage of fun stuff to do either - on a Friday you're likely to find us all down at Mikkeller Bar.”
              — Michael Dean, Marketing
            
            
          
          
            
              “It's a challenging environment where I'm empowered to make important decisions myself. We move fast and learn faster. I couldn't work any other way.”
              — Sebastian Rehnby, iOS Developer
            
            
          
          
            
              “It's no secret, but we love people that use Podio. Everyone at Podio has direct contact with those using our product daily, enabling us to deliver the best experiences that keep beating expectations.”
              — Helene Hagnere, User Engagement
            
            
          
      
      
        
            
              
                
              
            
            
              
                
              
            
            
              
                
              
            
            
              
                
              
            
        
      
    
  

    

    

      
         Open positions
      

      
          
            San Francisco - Podio
            
                
                  Account Manager Customer Care - SF
                
            
          
          
            Copenhagen - GoToAssist
            
                
                  Backend Engineer
                
                
                  Frontend Engineer - Rails
                
                
                  Junior Android Engineer
                
                
                  Junior iOS Engineer
                
                
                  Senior Android Engineer
                
                
                  Senior Frontend Engineer
                
                
                  Senior iOS Engineer
                
            
          
          
            Copenhagen - Podio
            
                
                  Content Marketing Specialist
                
                
                  Head of Services Team
                
                
                  Junior Frontend Engineer
                
                
                  Senior Backend Engineer
                
                
                  Senior Frontend Engineer
                
                
                  Senior Software Engineer in Test
                
                
                  Software Architect
                
            
          
          
            San Francisco - GoToMeeting
            
                
                  Product Manager - GoToMeeting
                
            
          
          
            Copenhagen - GoToMeeting Free
            
                
                  WebRTC Tooling & QE Engineer
                
            
          
      
    

  
    
      
        No matching open positions? We're always looking for great talent.
        Contact us